---
layout: post
title:  EXPO 2010 Shanghai China
categories: 生活
keywords: expo,2015
---

The trip I'll share with you today happended about 5 years ago. 

2010, two big thing happened in that year. The one is Shanghai held the Expo, and the other one is I became a college student.

I was a freshman at that time, and my big brother was a junior. My college is in Wuxi and his in Shanghai. 

And one day before the Golden Week of National Day, I got a phone call from him. He told me he got some Expo tickets from his friend, it's totally free, and he invited me. I accepted that without hesiated, because he said the food & board was free. So I went to Shanghai, he told me after the expo, maybe you can go back to Wuxi with me. I've never been there before.

The day I arrived in Shanghai, We borrowed a single-lens reflex camera, and went to WaiTan to see the nightscape of Shanghai and the oriental pearl TV tower. I slept in his domitory that night. His roommate went somewhere. It really saved my money. The next day we went to see the World Expo. The impressive thing is so many people there that I just went some small pavilions. If you want to see a popular one, You have to wait for five or six hours. And because we want to see the China Pavilion and my brother's college is far away from the exposition area. So we find a intertnet bar to stay overnight. The next day's morning, we lined up outside hours before they open the door. But when I came out from the pavilion, I felt terrible since it's boring. 

After that, we took one day to restore our strength, we went to the next station, Wuxi. He slept in my domitory as what I did. And I borrowed a bike for him. We rode along the Taihu. It's quite diffirent feeling from the trip in Shanghai. We went to Yufudao. There is an artificial beach. Many children played in the sand, others fly a kite or take a boat. I think Shanghai is a fast-paced city, Wuxi is slower. You can hear the bird's sing, sniff the smell of grass. You can feel quite diffirent feeling especially when you have this two trips back to back. That's why people talk much about the question living in a small city or international city like Shanghai. Each his own.